prepare that to live all the emotion of the
most radical sport on earth
get ready cowboy the rodeo in the system
crude today with henry themed goes
start this cure in the top 5 seconds
Yes you go and the thrill in the rodeo
Zinc 4 was laughing out at the whole
Brazil
Nelson author does not know me, this is mine.
presentation
my name is nelson games the announcer of
rodeo or lover of the sertão for you
that are my friends I tell you that
my home life there no longer anything goes
good
your way up the bed is really
lying on the mattress I caress
in your cat she knocks on my corner for me
hold her at home she made a macumba and
even a prayer with her does not know how to kiss
You pray right in negotiated the cleats
shack pan under one roof
With that die I do not stay, do not let me
subtitled me at home divine rodeo
university is the best river offer
I'm a university student, I'll tell
you
the life I take that does not rise to
chopped up with friends, I can never miss
The one who gave the change to everything and I'm going
play where you have beer and beautiful people
This is our place because you do not go to Mass
because the mission delays when we
I forgot to tell you the time.
we only look for dinner when it comes to
tonight complaining does not work because
we were not going at 12 beats by the fire did not get
burning refresh us are not looking
sad does not stay in the force we always do
common and a
to ride a horse though rodeo in
horse I like to travel goela venilda
period regret that name
the state of mato grosso is that it sends the
girl, she wins horse manibu to
anyone laugh
the heavy time of day
the car of the husband charles antonio massa
comments on how to enjoy the top in the second
walking with the two schools in the
everyday a hymn to the love of good manners
short
prepare your heart for one more show
rodeo went away the first of the night
milky rodrigo first traveling now
he is rodriguez
he comes from the outside judge watching rodeo
university
[Applause]
're ready to came late to rodrigay
turning rodrigo was silva e
Rhodolfo saved American seek
economic adjustment and explored not in
second floor from the inside out to
boy deserves the love, it was you who hit the
door or even looking back and left
Screaming down the street, Nelson Augusta, I do not
I want you more
now the time has passed my life has changed
You hit your foot and say you want to come back.
Back to me, I do not have problem, God.
that you get the password in the queue that
ends in the back quarter exists
moments in life that we try
forget the passion
We run run and run.
miles away we stop and
you realize you have not gotten anywhere
the heart beats in the empty chest as if
were two in one is that you realize
real love do not forget the gain
unfortunately our jobs will
reaching the final stretch and at this moment
I would like to stop and thus design
university life is not just the ballad she
it's not just leisure
many of them have difficulties to
worth
the father has a need to
keep the child in university if so
I can say
So my friends make it worth the
your parents ' money
make the most of your hard work
day and study at night pass hunger pass
be humiliated and thus filled with
for if you give someone a trick and
you see the ground rise shakes the dust
does it alone in search of light in the midst of
Darkness of your dreams never give up
not because it is the willpower and does the
true champion
At the beginning of my career play so many
and so many stones in my way
so that I could not walk
I kept an honor and built the
beautiful to be able to pray with my
enemies and ask God to forgive us
because it was in traveling from
who put me in the first place then
my friends
The secret to success only exists from the
doors only have two paths the first
Have faith in god, believe in
Do you believe in your dreams that you
A hug is going to be held a hug in the
heart of each one of you
university from my Brazil until
next opportunity, God willing
[Music]
ah
[Applause]
[Music]
comes
[Applause]
ah
haha ha
already the
[Music]
haha ha